doc(release): Prepare release notes for oss 23.10 (#2909)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.4

Release date: `December 21, 2023`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

> - [API] Added new endpoint to create a Playlist of dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Added new endpoint to create a playlist of dashboards.
```

> - [API] Added new endpoint to share playlist of dashboards to contact/contactgroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Added new endpoint to share playlist of dashboards to contacts/contact groups.
```

- [API] Added new endpoint to delete playlist of dashboards.
- [Graph] Optimized legend.
- [Map widget] Added information message when editing.
- [UX] Reorganized rich text options for widget description.

> - [Widget] added new widget "Status Grid".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Widget] Added new "Status Grid" widget.
```

> - [Widget edit] Renamed "add resource" button to "refine filter".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Widget edit] Renamed "Add resource" button to "Refine filter".
```

- [Widget edit] Made the dataset selection header sticky.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [API] Fixed an issue on Service Template Service group update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Fixed an issue with the "Service group update" service template.
```

> - [API] POST /administration/tokens endpoint documentation now includes 201 response details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] POST/administration/tokens endpoint documentation now includes 201 response details.
```

> - [API] Fixed an visibility issue on configuration/users endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Fixed a visibility issue with configuration/users endpoint.
```

> - [Metrics Graph widget] Fixed cropping issue on ordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Metrics Graph widget] Fixed an issue where labels for the ordinate axis were cropped.
```

- [Server] URL patterns have been modified.
- [Single Metric widget] Simplified metric selection.

> - [UI] Fixed cursor issue when editing a widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UI] Fixed a cursor issue that occurred when editing a widget.
```

> - [Widget edition] Fixed issue when removing resource/metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Widget edition] Fixed an issue that occurred when removing a resource or a metric.
```

</details>

<details open>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

> - [Security] Prevented the command injection in SENDTRAPCFG gorgone event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Prevented a command injection.
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 23.10.2

Release date: `December 21, 2023`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Gorgone] Fixed a stability issue causing the kernel to kill the gorgone process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gorgone] Fixed a stability issue causing the kernel to kill the **gorgoned** process.
```
